What do you mean?
Put on my collar
You are mine
Do you consider me your pet?
No, I don't want it.
It's useless for you to hide
Wearing a necklace
You are my man
Goodbye little wildcat
It's crazy.
An inexplicable dream really came out to find
This time
To hell with it.
It was a dream
That's unfortunate.
Nice sight of that guy
Is that guy okay?
That guy?
Could it be that counterfeit sterilization was discovered?
Was it silenced?
Sorry Lin Bei
If there is an afterlife
I would love to be my sister
Hello 110?
Dai Zong, your 3,000 yuan worth of wipes
Can only keep you and your wife for 4 8 hours
If both cannot be proven innocent within 48 hours
Then the police will catch up again and
Refuse any form of retention
Oh, I see.
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and call Li Fei
Ask him how things are going.
What Xiaobei is in the hospital?
What do you mean?
So what's going on?
Your Beijing hospital seems to have sterilized rice noodles
I don't know exactly.
Ask me again, I've asked for so many things
In my dream today, you told me that something was wrong
Spit it out. Spit it out.
Ok, come back to me.
All right.
Hahahahaha